# FlightTracker-Publication-Validator

1. Rename the folder to include a version number (for example: _v1.0.0) if it does not already have a version or it will not be recognized by REDCap.

# Configuration
Once the module is enabled for a project, make sure to select `Manage` on the left-hand control panel for the project in the `External Modules` tab.  
Then select Configure for Flight Tracker Publication Validator - vx.x.x to begin the configuration process as follows.

1. Input the instrument name for the validation form. The project will otherwise assume the form is titled "pub_validation".
2. Add an API key for a cohort of Flight Tracker data. These cohorts were generated by University of Kentucky CCTS and are publications of users who made Service Requests to CCTS in that year.
3. Repeat step 2 for as many cohorts as you require.
4. Save the configuration

Now with these steps enabled, a user should be able to access the survey and select which of their publications were made possible given a service request.

# How Does It Work?
The Validator uses pre-filled form values and API linked projects to populate data dynamically for the end-user. The survey is intercepted using built-in
hooks to provide customized options for each user based on their publications in Flight Tracker repositories. This was done
with specific formatting in mind based on University of Kentucky's use case. Future additions are intended to make working with this module
easier for other institutions.

The `Services` form all the fields to follow a similar format to what is provided. In place of 'year1' you could instead use the numerical year (say, 2019) and the project will know how to handle it. The UK ID field is named "linkblue", for other institutions
using a different name for an identifier, you should change this field both in the code and in the form.

Currently, there are two surveys with specific formatting. These are included in the `templates` folder. These can be expanded to include additional years and doing so should not affect functionality. The `Pub Validation` form will
require text box fields with the field name `supported_pubs_xxxx` where 'xxxx' would be publication year. Any other field in this form is suitable for change.

With these two forms in place, when a user moves to complete the Pub Validation form, they will be presented with a loading screen while API linked projects are queried for publications for the given user. These are then built into multiple
choice panes for the researcher to select publications from. When the form is completed, these values are saved in a tab separated format so that they are easily processed for export via a custom CSV export view. This is accessible on the lefthand side of the project interface under
`External Modules` on a page titled `Custom CSV Export`.

# Reasoning Behind Survey Formatting
The hidden fields are used to convey data in a way that is easier to access and process when rewriting aspects of the page and collecting necessary data for display.

The hidden linkblue field is there for matching users to their data as all the data from the flighttracker databases need to be pulled and then matched. I am working out if I can just get 1 user's data to make it more lean.

The hidden years are there for me to have an easy way to collect which years I'm working with to filter only publications which occurred after that point and ones which have not yet been chosen.

The fields to hold data are formatted as paragraph boxes rather than multiple choice. This is due to the nature of how multiple choice is treated in redcap. Javascript is used to give the appearance of multiple choice input, but it is then loaded as an array of the citations selected into the paragraph box for easy usage later.

# Contact
If you encounter issues or have feature requests, you can reach out to me by [email](mailto:ncpe227@uky.edu) or open a pull request on the project's [github page](https://github.com/innovationcore/FlightTracker-Publication-Validator/pulls).

# Future Content
- Additional configuration steps allowing for easier use by other institutions.
- 